The President:
Hi there.
As you can see, I brought a
few things with me for this
week's video.
A padlock.
A pair of boots.
A candle.
And a pair of socks.
We are not having a yard sale.
And these products may not
appear to have much in common.
But they're united by three
proud words: "Made in America."
They're manufactured by American
workers, in American factories,
and shipped to customers
here and around the world.
The companies that make these
products are part of a hopeful
trend: they're bringing
jobs back from overseas.
You've heard of outsourcing
-- well, this is insourcing.
And in this make or break moment
for the middle class and those
working to get into
the middle class,
that's exactly the kind
of commitment to country
that we need.
This week, I invited executives
from businesses that are
insourcing jobs to a
forum at the White House.
These are CEOs who take pride in
hiring people here in America,
not just because it's
increasingly the right thing to
do for their bottom line, but
also because it's the right
thing to do for their workers
and for our communities and
for our country.
I told those CEOs what I'll
tell any business leader:
ask yourself what you can do
to bring more jobs back to the
country that made
your success possible.
And I'll make sure that you've
got a government that does
everything in its power
to help you succeed.
That's why, in the
next few weeks,
I will put forward new tax
proposals that reward companies
that choose to do the right
thing by bringing jobs home and
investing in America -- and
will eliminate tax breaks for
companies that
move jobs overseas.
It's also why on Friday, I
called on Congress to help me
make government
work better for you.
Right now, we have a
21st century economy,
but we've still got a government
organized for the 20th century.
Over the years, the needs
of Americans have changed,
but our government has not.
In fact, it's gotten
even more complex.
And that has to change.
That's why I asked Congress to
reinstate the authority that
past presidents have had to
streamline and reform the
Executive Branch.
This is the same sort of
authority that every business
owner has to make sure that
his or her company keeps pace
with the times.
It's the same authority that
presidents had for over 50 years
-- until Ronald Reagan.
And let me be clear: I will only
use this authority for reforms
that result in more
efficiency, better service,
and a leaner government.
These changes will make it
easier for small business owners
to get the loans and support
they need to sell their products
around the world.
For example, instead of forcing
small business owners to
navigate the six departments
and agencies in the federal
government that focus
on business and trade,
we'll have one department.
One place where entrepreneurs
can go from the day they come up
with an idea and need a patent,
to the day they start building a
warehouse, to the day
they're ready to ship their
products overseas.
And in the meantime, we're
creating a new website --
BusinessUSA -- that will
serve as a one-stop shop with
information for businesses small
and large that want to start
selling their stuff
around the world.
This means that more small
business owners will see their
hard work pay off.
More companies will be
able to hire new workers.
And we'll be able to rebuild
an economy that's not known for
paper profits or
financial speculation,
but for making and selling
products like these.
Products "Made in America."
Thank you, and have
a great weekend.